Update app-attach-faq.md (#74185)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/app-attach-faq.md

All virtual machines (VMs) in a host pool that uses MSIX app attach must have read permissions on the file share where the MSIX images are stored. If it also uses Azure Files, they'll need to be granted both role-based access control (RBAC) and New Technology File System (NTFS) permissions.

> ## Can I use Azure Active Directory Domain Services (AAD DS) with MSIX app attach?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Can I use Azure Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) with MSIX app attach?
```

Author: AD DS is the wrong acronym, that is for traditional AD i.e. Active Directory Domain Services, which is not what this is about. This is talking about Azure Active Directory Domain Services hence AAD DS. These are two different things (albeit similar words/acronyms) but this needs to be completly accurate. Hence my comment is correct

Reviewer: According to the style and branding guidelines, you can't abbreviate "Azure." It needs to be "Azure AD DS."

Author: Thats fine, but there are still two different products here: 1. Azure Active Directory Domain Servers (AAD DS) or (Azure AD DS),  and 2. Active Directory Domain Servers (AD DS). This FAQ is just talking about the first, so it needs to use the full acronym which seems like it needs to be Azure AD DS, but not (AD DS)

Author: So this needs to read as:
Can I use Azure Active Directory Domain Services (Azure AD DS) with MSIX app attach?

Reviewer: Yes.

For the second one, say "Azure AD DS" and "Active Directory Domain Servers (AD DS)." Spelling out the non-Azure server name might help if the acronyms being too similar are confusing.

> We do not support AAD DS with MSIX app attach, as the AAD DS computer objects are not synchronised to AAD DS and thus cannot be provided the RBAC permissions required in Azure Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure AD DS, they can't get the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.
```

Author: This comment has it sync'ing to itself, but the other reworkding is good. Hence this should read:

MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (AAD), they can't get the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.

Reviewer: Azure AD DS is not the same as AD DS. We can't abbreviate "Azure" because it's not allowed by the style guide. "AAD" also must be changed to "Azure AD" because of branding requirements.

Author: So please set this to:

MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), they can't get the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.

> We do not support AAD DS with MSIX app attach, as the AAD DS computer objects are not synchronised to AAD DS and thus cannot be provided the RBAC permissions required in Azure Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), they can't get the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.
```

Author: The first bit is now correct, but the last sentence has now been changed, and needs to revert to be accurate. This is an adidtional step of "providing" the access the admin needs to do, they don't "get" them

MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), they can't be provided the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.

This is completly accurate and good to go

Reviewer: Can we say "The service can't provide them the required RBAC permissions?" "Be provided" is passive voice, and I'd like to avoid that if I can.

> MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), the administrator can't provided the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSIX app attach doesn't currently support Azure AD DS. Because Azure AD DS computer objects aren't synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), the administrator can't provide the required role-based access control (RBAC) permissions for Azure Files.
```
